Use Airlift logger (#260)
trinodb/trino-gateway: docs/installation.md

Find more information in the [routing rules documentation](routing-rules.md).

### Configure logging

> Path to `log.properties` needs to be set via `log.levels-file` JVM options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to `log.properties` must be set via `log.levels-file` JVM options
```

> Path to `log.properties` needs to be set via `log.levels-file` JVM options

Reviewer: Also we need to explain what to configure in log.properties 
separate lines of 

javapackage=level

and what available levels are. In fact this should also be done better in the Trino docs btw

like `-Dlog.levels-file=etc/log.properties`.

> Find more information in the [logging properties](https://trino.io/docs/current/admin/properties-logging.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `log.*` properties from the [Trino logging properties documentation](https://trino.io/docs/current/admin/properties-logging.html) for further configuration.
```

probably .. but .. those have to also be set as -D parameters... need to explain that.
